Now, before you start testing the insecure bank application, you're going to need to set up the application
and it's back in server, so let's get started.
So go to your Calli machine, log in with the default credentials, Caleigh and Kouy.
So when I started calling Linux and switched to full screen mode, first it will display a black screen.
Now, if you encounter this problem, you can just exit full screen and re-enter.
But I think we're coming up against this problem because I've recently increased resolution of this
green.
It's OK now, so let's open up the Web browser and search for insecure bank.
And the creator of this application provides a detailed guide on its GitHub page about how to set up
the application and its back end server.
So let's have a look at this.
Click on Usage Guide.
Scroll down a bit.
All right, so we've completed the first step.
Let's have a look at the second step.
So we'll need to clone the repository.
And you know something, I don't want to go back from this page, so I'll just quickly open the GitHub
page in a new tab.
So copy the you are el.
Open terminal screen and first switch user to route.
Run, git, clone and paste, you are out of the repo.
OK, so let's change the directory to insecure bank folder.
Was philes.
Now let's go to the Andrew lab server folder.
And before running, the server will need to install requirements.
Run, pip, install, dash, are requirements strict?
Now, run apple pie, which is the script with the Python command.
Oh, and there are some missing modules, so let's install again what is required using the Python command
and give PIP module with dash and parameter, which means module, by the way.
So this area is caused by the default Python version installed in Calli, which is three, so the PIP
module runs also with Python three in new Caleigh versions.
However, the server of the Insecure app is written in Python two.
So that means we'll need to install PIP to.
So go to the browser and search for PIP, install for Python to.
Let's have a look at the first Web site.
So as you can see here, we can install Pip, too, with the script.
So let's download it with you, get and copy this line.
Paste it.
All right, we got it.
So now run it with Python to.
So we can install the requirements again.
And that makes it work, so this time we can go ahead and run the server will start the Android virtual
device.
Now, hopefully you remember that we can figure the first network adapter of the Android virtual device
host only and the second adapter to be net network.
Network Adapter of the Calli machine is also on Nat network.
So let's open the Wi-Fi ADB app, and now we can see the IP address of the Net network.
Now, what we'll do is connect the simulator from Kali.
Open a new tab, the terminal screen and run ads connect, and that's the command with the IP address
in Port No.
All right, so that connects to the emulator.
Now let's go to the guide.
So the next step is to install the insecure bank application onto the emulator via Adibi.
So first, we'll need to download the app file from that GitHub page.
All right, so just make sure it's the latest release.
Download the APK file.
OK, so now we can launch the application.
Go to the directory where you downloaded the APK file, and as you can see, it's here for me.
So we'll run AB install and the insecure bank apk file.
All right, so we got a success message and we feel good about our success.
Let's control the app.
All right, so the insulation's completed, and as you can see here, the version of Android 10 will
ask us to access these files prior to Android six.
You could reasonably assume that if your app is running at all, it has all the permissions it declares
in the app manifest.
Beginning with Android six dot zero API Level 23 users grant and revoke app permissions at runtime instead
of doing so when they install the app.
So for security testing will assume that the user has granted full access permissions for these files.
Android has also added support for YNAB updates that works with devices running Android 5.0, API Level
21 or higher.
And again, we're not going to.
Check for updates, for testing.
Now, to connect to The Observer, we need to configure the server from the preferences at the top right
corner.
So we need to know the IP address and where the Andrle lab server is running.
So in our case, this is the IP address of my net network adapter and Port eight eight eight eight for
my calling machine.
Let's go ahead and check with the config command.
Of course, we'll need to run it with pseudo.
All right, so here's the IP address.
And we can complete the configuration.
OK, let's log in with the default credentials of the application, and sure you remember it was written
on the GitHub page username DENR, S.H. Password, Capital D i n e as H at one, two, three dollar
sign.
Click on log in.
And we're now in.
So let's check the observer and what you're looking at is a message, it shows a log and activity.